what's up guys so this um this episode
of twelve days of Christmas um I'm sorry
they haven't been regular I already went
over why I've been having some crazy
past few days so yeah but I am trying to
put these out i will put these out you
know 12 there will be 12 of these by
christmas and i will answer all of your
guys's questions i'm saving like the
short answer questions for for uh for
another video where I just you know
short answer them all together because I
really want to answer all your guys
questions but this is the sixth video
and a lot of you guys must be like I'm
do don't miss their bed girl this is the
fifth video but the fifth one is
actually still being processed so since
I did it on the computer I recorded on
the computer I didn't record online pine
on the iPad so it's it it takes longer
this one might be pretty short though
this video I'm going to be answering
what video games affected you the most
emotionally and emotionally i'm thinking
like not just like we're going to start
crying but like you know I guess we're
that you felt strongest about when it
comes to your emotions um I think the
most recent one is the walking dead now
I'm not done with the walking dead but
it's so far I've been oh my god it's
it's freaking it's an emotional roller
coaster that game and I've heard that it
just gets more and more so but yeah that
one that one just almost choked the
other day I'm going to be putting up
another part i'm probably going to be
putting up
the end of the walking dead at the end
of the my let's play walking dead
episode two before Christmas just
because it was such a good episode that
I just I want to get it out faster than
once a week hopefully I could do that
because i already have it all recorded
so i just have to edit it but i want to
try to do that before christmas just a
little christmas gift for those of you
that are enjoying it another game is
dragon age origins for sure I was
emotional I know I was an emotional
wreck at the end of that game I've said
it before I was crying just I felt it I
felt so emotional at the end of the game
I won't go into detail but I have talked
about it in the past so yeah dragon age
origins definitely what else Dark Souls
oh my freaking God I'm not done with
dark souls but you guys saw me playing
ten parts of the Dark Souls Jesus I
really wanted to break things I was so
stressed out I wanted to like it really
it really plays with your emotions I
game but differently you know it's not
like sad emotions it's more like you're
going to go crazy kind of thing but then
it really you really want to keep
playing it it's not like you hate it
it's weird another one is deus ex I
think they have sex really made me think
a lot not just when I play the game but
after I was done with it it just made me
think about like how how real it all is
and how it's really asking a question
about a topic that is pretty pretty
scary for some people to think about but
at the same time I guess pretty exciting
for others another one
oh jeez I just thought of them red dead
redemption definitely that one was
emotional the ending of it it was it was
very surprising and I was like no no way
like I couldn't accept it definitely
read that oh jeez I just thought of
wanted now I can't remember Oh mass
effect 3 of course for so many reasons
not just because of the whole thing with
the ending that was a big part but also
with all the with all the scenes
emotional scenes in the game oh man I
think you guys have seen my reaction
videos I was I was crying and a lot of
them and it was all authentic some of
you think that I was pretending I wasn't
I don't pretend for you guys on reaction
cams I do not tend I kind of just forget
that the cameras there yeah I think
that's it I think that's all the ones
that I had thought of yeah I think so
I'm sure there's more but those are the
ones those are the major ones at least
when it comes to games that I've played
recently cuz games from way back then I
don't remember that much but those are
the ones that you about that if that
really got a pretty strong emotional
feeling out of me whether it be scared
creeped out sad happy surprised all
those emotions those are the ones i
think the major major ones are the ones
that i just said for so many reasons
Mass Effect 3
especially when when you tack on the
extended cut I was I was I have reacted
very emotionally at the end you guys saw
my reaction to it and dragon age 3 or
dragon age origins the ending of it that
one as well and walking dead in town
dude that one Bonz got that one's up
there like I was I felt like I wasn't a
heart attack in a moment so yeah i'll be
putting that up this weekend so you guys
could see that because i really want
that i've already i mean i could save it
for Wednesday's but i really want to put
that out you know there's a little gift
to you guys for christmas but that's
pretty much it let me know what you guys
think about this like what are your most
emotional games or games that have
affected you in a very real way doesn't
matter what emotion but just you know
that what that it has affected you so
again I will be answering all of your
questions so if you're wondering I hope
she answers my question I will answer it
eventually probably not for one of these
twelve days of Christmas thing where I
go into depth may be more of a short
answer video but i will try to answer
them all eventually so yeah the video 5
will be coming out most likely tonight
should be done by then if not then
tomorrow for sure that's pretty much it
thanks for watching